README.md, before:

# Quote-Droplet

## Download Instructions (for macOS >= 12.0 Monterey)

1. Click on the latest release

    <img width="200" alt="image" src="https://github.com/Daggerpov/Quote-Droplet/assets/53918934/8b7ad552-9df1-45ed-8fb4-52f1503c3ead">

2. Click the top-most download

    <img width="250" alt="image" src="https://github.com/Daggerpov/Quote-Droplet/assets/53918934/b3f48798-e23a-41c4-bcb0-0401812c5b31">

3. If you're met with this warning, click the arrow -> click "Keep"

    <img width="499" alt="image" src="https://github.com/Daggerpov/Quote-Droplet/assets/53918934/a35d9fae-4a9c-421b-8b4a-aefbb028e061">


4. Open the zip file by simply clicking on it -> this will populate the following application:

    <img width="600" alt="image" src="https://github.com/Daggerpov/Quote-Droplet/assets/53918934/f187e337-55fd-4df4-87e6-8efba0253a0a">

5. Drag the application to your "Applications" folder

    <img width="150" alt="image" src="https://github.com/Daggerpov/Quote-Droplet/assets/53918934/e4274d3b-545d-4fb3-b4f3-53376d92f5cd">

6. Open the "Terminal" app. You can do this by Spotlight Searching (Cmd+Space) for "Terminal". Then, run the following command: `chmod +x /Applications/Quote-Droplet.app/Contents/MacOS/Quote-Droplet`

7. Open the "Quote-Droplet" application by double-clicking on it or Spotlight Searching -> Click "Open" if the following dialog pops up:

    <img width="252" alt="image" src="https://github.com/Daggerpov/Quote-Droplet/assets/53918934/abf74751-26c5-45d5-b32e-67448d87be35">

## You should now see the following application in your menu bar: 

![image](https://github.com/Daggerpov/Quote-Droplet/assets/53918934/7a753cfc-4a07-45b9-9893-14a8d1319705)

Commit message:

Marked download instructions as legacy

README.md, after:

# Quote-Droplet

## (Legacy -- now it's simply on the App Store) Download Instructions (for macOS >= 12.0 Monterey)

1. Click on the latest release

    <img width="200" alt="image" src="https://github.com/Daggerpov/Quote-Droplet/assets/53918934/8b7ad552-9df1-45ed-8fb4-52f1503c3ead">

2. Click the top-most download

    <img width="250" alt="image" src="https://github.com/Daggerpov/Quote-Droplet/assets/53918934/b3f48798-e23a-41c4-bcb0-0401812c5b31">

3. If you're met with this warning, click the arrow -> click "Keep"

    <img width="499" alt="image" src="https://github.com/Daggerpov/Quote-Droplet/assets/53918934/a35d9fae-4a9c-421b-8b4a-aefbb028e061">


4. Open the zip file by simply clicking on it -> this will populate the following application:

    <img width="600" alt="image" src="https://github.com/Daggerpov/Quote-Droplet/assets/53918934/f187e337-55fd-4df4-87e6-8efba0253a0a">

5. Drag the application to your "Applications" folder

    <img width="150" alt="image" src="https://github.com/Daggerpov/Quote-Droplet/assets/53918934/e4274d3b-545d-4fb3-b4f3-53376d92f5cd">

6. Open the "Terminal" app. You can do this by Spotlight Searching (Cmd+Space) for "Terminal". Then, run the following command: `chmod +x /Applications/Quote-Droplet.app/Contents/MacOS/Quote-Droplet`

7. Open the "Quote-Droplet" application by double-clicking on it or Spotlight Searching -> Click "Open" if the following dialog pops up:

    <img width="252" alt="image" src="https://github.com/Daggerpov/Quote-Droplet/assets/53918934/abf74751-26c5-45d5-b32e-67448d87be35">

## You should now see the following application in your menu bar: 

![image](https://github.com/Daggerpov/Quote-Droplet/assets/53918934/7a753cfc-4a07-45b9-9893-14a8d1319705)
